Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:
NOTE: There were issues with code after adding jpg of object, so Mug_01.jpg is now outside of uploaded directory. 

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
Yes, all three models correctly recognized breed of dog in Pug_01 image => pug, pug-dog

2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
VGG model made wrong classification for Pug_02 image (rotated one). Resnet and alexnet models classifications were correct.


3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs? If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: 
Yes, all models classified these pictures as not dogs correctly. However, vgg model made mistake for rotated pug picture and classified it as not dog.

4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer:
I would skip vgg model since it had worse results even on the set of 4 images. Alexnet model had best result with single error on house picture, while resnet model had 2 errors (both house and elephant classification).
However, uploaded data set is not big enough to conclude which of these models works faster. With current data set, alexnet would be model to use, but in general I would also check application of image classification, 
primarly in a sense of fault tolerance and performance requirements.

NOTE: There is now also folder problematic_images holding exactly that: images that classifier couldn't recognize and that even broke code. To shorten process, I found images with clearer object and more distinct dog breed.
